PyQuiz Roadmap

  - Better UI
    As was noted in one of the commits, this UI is pretty much straight out of 1994, with the exception of the modal,
    which incorporates a few more moderns UI techniques.  Still, it's just some straight HTML and JQuery, no full CSS/JS
    frameworks or libraries or anything more robust and cutting edge.  (In fairness, I never claimed to be any kind of
    UI/X designer.)

  - Better UX for instructional content
    The current UI displays all the instructional content in a single div with no real controls for managing large,
    multi-page style instructions.  As it is now, the main content container will stretch indefinitely to accommodate
    however much instructional text is included in the quiz.

    Ideally the instructional content will be paginated in some form, either controlled by admin (not ideal) or by
    dynamic determination based on the amount of data.  Pagination will be JS controlled non-refresh SPA style, e.g.
    left and right "swipe" navigation.

    Also ideally, the instructional content input would include a WYSIWYG widget for richer content creation.

  - Quiz Status in Quiz List
    On the Quiz List page, it currently shows all available quizzes with a "Take Quiz" link next to each.  This will be
    modified to show a "Continue" link next to each quiz that is currently in progress for any users that have answered
    at least one question in the quiz.  Optionally, a percent complete can be included as well.  Both of these minor
    enhancements will require a few additional methods or properties added to the models to determine current status.

  - Multimedia Quiz Prompts
    Currently, quizzes are limited to text-based questions only.  This enhancement would allow the use of images, video,
    audio clips, etc. as "prompts" for the user (i.e. the question is implied by the quiz itself and the media, but not
    actually written).  Think original "Hot or Not" type app -- the question is implied by the app and driven by the
    presentation of photos rather than text-based questions.

  - Access Controls
    Currently there are no access controls at all other than being able to access the quiz list or not.  Once a user is
    authenticated, they have full access to all quizzes.  This enhancement would allow the admin/quizmaster to control
    what users have access to which quizzes.